---
title: "Stren Games Day 8"
date: 2022-01-08 23:59:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 2 Day 1

Ergo, agon. From one struggle to another. The cold shower may be behind us; the bonus task requires five days per week more of the conflict. The theme here is conflict—the conflict against the status quo, hot and cold, ignoble and strenuous. We move to the second of six and use the knowledge gains in the first week to pincer our days with set goals and tasks. From the struggles of cold water emerged a routine, a ritual. Write, write, cold: journal, blog, frigid water. The bookend end of my day was conceived from the past week's conflict. My morning recommended routine involves coffee, contemplation, and workout. Thirty minutes of dedication is generous for each task and kind to the life I would like to live. The dichotomy of my day laid bare.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

Today is a rest day; yoga, stretching and walking. I am refreshed and ready for my ruck tomorrow.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Journaling demands my attention, hence its prominence in this week's agon.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I picked up doughnut holes for the family from the local grocer. Then I made us lunch--quesadillas with leftover tofu and grilled vegetables, scrambled eggs, spinach, and cheddar cheese. I argued with my mother, who called to speak with my kids. I have not resolved that conflict yet. The days have ups and downs, and to portray mine as sublime is dishonest.

### The Agon
**Week 2**
> Bookend each day with a 90-minute morning and evening routine.

As outlined in the introduction:
*Morning Routine*
* 6:30: Read
* 7:00: Coffee Ritual and breakfast for the boys
* 7:30: Light workout
*Evening Routing*
* 9:00: Blog
* 9:30: Journal
* 10:00: Cold Shower
One caveat, this begins tomorrow.