---
layout: post
title:  "Stren Games Day 1"
date: 2022-01-01 23:00:00 -0500
categories: tsl
---
## Week 1 Day 1

*Today is the first day of the rest of my life*. I'm no John Denver fan, but I heard this famous vignette recently, and today is as good a day as any to begin again. It also happens to be the beginning of a new year. And more importantly, it is the beginning of the Strenuous Game for the veterans of The Strenuous Life. I am of class 060, and I completed my boot camp in the Spring of 2021. A year later, I am looking to reengage with a life of toil and effort, labor and strife. Today is the day.

I will use a standard layout, as suggested by the logs on the forum, that is, outlining my daily exercise, good deeds, agon completion, and badge progression. This format is dull, but I shall use it until a better idea emerges.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

Physical fitness is a priority I would like to make for 2022, and I value flexibility as part of my physical fitness. To that end, I will practice yoga every day as part of my Strenuous Life. Tonight I did one hour of yoga with a flow from [JJ Pepper](https://www.instagram.com/pepper.painfree.performance) at [Black Swan Yoga](https://blackswanyoga.com/) in Austin, TX. I have two one-hour flows from JJ as part of the [Onnit Six](https://www.onnit.com/tv/onnit-6) transformation program I purchased last year. I've done this flow six or more times in the previous year, and I always sweat during the program.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Earlier today, I wrote a long post on my [badge goals for 2022](https://stephen-mahon.github.io/tsl/2022/01/01/badge-work.html). I'll continue with my research tomorrow with a plan of action for several of these requirements within the first six weeks of the year.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

Good deeds are difficult to define. "Did I do good today?" is a different question to "What good will I do today?". I am unsure of the correct response, but I am willing to find out this year. Today, I texted a close friend of new year's salutations. I hope he has a better year this year than last.

### The Agon
**Week 1**
> Expose yourself to cold water (for at least 5 minutes) every day for seven days.

I've not been looking forward to this challenge. Thankfully, I had my fellow gentlemen from the Chicago Chapter and New Jersey Chapter to hold me accountable to the test, as I will keep them responsible too. Day one is not the easiest, but also not the hardest.

I'll let John Denver close this one and *take me to tomorrow*.