---
title: "Stren Games Day 10"
date: 2022-01-10 22:00:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 2 Day 3

Mondays bring busy days. I was in meetings in the morning and evening that went overtime. I worked through my lunch. So it's only fitting that my bookends also go overtime. I set my alarm for 6:00 am, but the kids woke up at 5:50—no big deal. So now my morning routine gets thrown, but I'll make up the time somehow. Breakfast takes too long to make, the kitchen needs a good cleaning, I have to move out my home PC to my new office, and it takes me an extra step. Constantly, throughout the day, I was a step behind and never made that time up. Even now, I am 30 minutes behind on my schedule. It's frustrating when your planning falls flat. I also have to learn to roll with the punches, so to speak, about my time management. A buffer today would have done wonders.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

I failed to complete an hour today. I am sorry, gents. I did a half-hour in the evening but risk missing my agon if I work through my bookend this evening. I'm already straddling the line of punctuality, and I dare not risk my phronesis. So I will work harder and do better tomorrow.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Journaling after this blog post. Yesterday was about my day--the agon is fitting to this challenge. Today is about where I am in the hero's challenge, the hero with a thousand faces. I am moving from the unknown toward the known again after my transformation. Dan Harmon (Community, Rick and Morty) has a similar story circle for writing. The protagonist's journey from order to chaos and back to order. The protagonist pursues a goal outside of their comfort zone and returns to the start of the story changed. 

1. You — A character is in a zone of comfort,
2. Need — But they want something.
3. Go — They enter an unfamiliar situation,
4. Search — Adapt to it,
5. Find — Get what they wanted, 
6. Take — Pay a heavy price for it, 
7. Return — Then return to their familiar situation, 
8. Change — Having changed.

For academic writing, I developed a modified version of the story circle, the hero with a thousand faces. But, unfortunately, the pandemic quickly burnt me out, and I left jaded with this project unfinished—something to revisit in the future, perhaps.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I made a cup of tea for my wife. Peppermint.

### The Agon
**Week 2**
> Bookend each day with a 90-minute morning and evening routine.

This task is not easy. Nevertheless, I will persevere with the schedule from yesterday, but I will add a 30-minute workout first.

*Morning routine*

* 6:00 Workout
* 6:30 Breakfast for the boys
* 6:45 Empty dishwasher
* 7:00 Coffee Ritual
* 7:30 Make lunch
* 7:45 Leave for work

*Evening routine*

* 9:00 Blog
* 9:30 Journal
* 10:00 Cold Shower
* 10:10 Hot Shave
* 10:20 Brush teeth
* 10:25 Put dishwasher on
* 10:30 Bed
