---
layout: post
title:  "Stren Games Day 0"
categories: blog
---
Gents,

This is my first check-in of the new year.
I'll be using this platform for my personal accountability for the Strenuous Games 2022.
I am part of two group this year: TSL Chicago and TSL Garden State.
My aim is to be a better man by the end of the Strenuous Games and continue to be strenuous for the rest of the year.
This includes:
* One hour of strenuous activity each day,
* One good deed each day,
* Completing the *agon* each week,
* Working towards badge completion each month,
* Achieving my personal goals each quarter,
* Holding myself accountable to you fine men with every action I undertake.

I will start with outlining some personal goals for **Quarter 1 2022**.

**Every Sunday I will go 5 mile with 20 lbs in my rucksack**.
That starts tomorrow for me.
There is snow forcast here in Chicago, six inch I am told.
That is no excuse for not going out-there is no such thing as bad weather.
I rucked last winter in freezing conditions and in mounting snow.
These are some of my greatest memories of 2021.

**I will update this personal blog everyday**.
This is my first update and I will continue everyday with my accountability and thoughts, I hope that you will join me in my bleathering and rumblings.
I am an ameatur programmer; better than a novice but far from an expert in the topic.
Last year I programmed everyday without missing two days in a row for over six months.
I missed 3 days over that time and I consider those black marks on my record.
This blog is an extension of that daily dedication of constant improvement.

That's all for now.
Stay tuned for another update later today.