---
title: "Stren Games Day 17"
date: 2022-01-17 21:15:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 3 Day 3

I am back after a hiatus. I moved to an apartment over the weekend. Things took longer to settle than I had hoped. For instance, we had internet connectivity from today rather than the day we moved in because of a shipping delay of our modem. Xfinity wanted to charge me $14 per month to rent a modem from them. Over a 15 month lease equates to $210 in rent for a damn modem. So I went online and got a compatible box for $60 from Amazon. However, delays were in order, and offline I remained until today due to factors beyond my control and understanding. I saved a dollar but wasted a couple of days. 

Pressingly, this leads to a critical subject: have I failed my personal goals for Stren Games 2022? By the numbers, yes, I have. I could not maintain this blog over the couple of days I was moving—goal one down the drain. Goal two: ruck for at least five miles with 20 lbs in my rucksack every Sunday. That is also a fail. I could not go rucking yesterday because I did not have my gear. I packed my boots, backpack, and winter clothes away, and this box did not arrive until this morning. This one was in my control, however. I failed to prepare and keep my personal Stren Games 2022 goals as my prerogative. I will discuss this with my fellows over at TSL Chicago and TSL New Jersey about this conduct and will report back in the next couple of days.

## Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

I have been lifting boxes back and forth from house to car to apartment. I did yoga in the evening with my wife and a mini yoga session with my kids after dinner.


### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Nothing outrageous today.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I prepared dinner for the family—simple fare consisting of pasta and a red sauce with some bread. Then I  cleaned the apartment, including sweeping and mopping.

### The Agon
**Week 3**
> Take the Army Ground Forces Test.

Yes, I am aware of this.
