---
title: "Stren Games Day 18"
date: 2022-01-18 23:15:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 3 Day 4

Things are getting busier at work, and my days are getting fuller. I should carry that momentum to the rest of my days. I started to read Deep Work by Cal Newport recently. Unfortunately, I didn't make enough time to finish the book before returning it to the library. I am back on a long waiting list, a testament to the work's ideas. Some interesting commentary about the shallow work we fill our days. We appear, to the outside, busy in all aspects. Too busy to do certain activities but always available for a cup of coffee with a friend. I am afraid of populating my schedule with shallow activities to show the world how busy I am. Perhaps I should finish that book before firing my intentions to the world without deep action. 

## Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

I did a five-mile ruck this evening after work. It felt great to get out after dark. 

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/6546598300/embed/d788d3160cf76bc6cf340821afbcf4e05ef791d1'></iframe>

My yoga journey continues for 18 days in a row. We have embedded the activity into our daily routine.


### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Continuous shaving and journalling, 18-days.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I retrieved the last boxes from the car after work and dumped the garbage while I was at it. I had my shoes on anyway, so it saved an additional trip later in the evening.

### The Agon
**Week 3**
> Take the Army Ground Forces Test.

Yes, I am still aware of this.
