---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Education

`2024`

**M.Phil. in Engineering**, _The University of Edinburgh_, Edinburgh, UK

- Master of Philosophy in Electronic Engineering and Robotics.
- Research areas: robotics, fluidics, electronics, digital systems design.

`2015`

**B.Sc. in Chemical Physics**, _University College Cork_, Cork, Ireland

- Bachelor of Science (Hons.) with a joint major in Experimental Physics and Physical Chemistry.
- Subject area: quantum mechanics, solid-state-, astro- and computational physics; physical-,material-, and atmospheric chemistry.

## Experience

`Dec 2023 - Present`
_Outlier_, Edinburgh, UK (Remote)

**AI Project Specialist** (Contract)

- Leading the training of AI models with human-in-the-loop feedback from prompts and responses.
- Carefully evaluate and rank responses generated by AI systems, ensuring top-notch quality and efficacy.
- Applying deep domain expertise in Physics, Mathematics, and Engineering to assess the accuracy and relevance of text produced by AI models.

`Jan 2023 - Sep 2023`
_DCEK Group, Limited_, Chicago, USA

**Self-Employed Technical Consultant**

- Self-employed technical consultant to deliver high-quality consulting services to clients across various state and local government agencies.
- Designed electrical and mechanical systems for manufacturing from requirements to prototypes.
- Managed complex projects from inception to completion.
- Demonstrated strong entrepreneurial spirit in identifying new opportunities and building client networks.

`May 2022 - Sep 2023`
_Flexible Thinking, LLC_, Chicago, USA

**Solo Founder**

- I participated in the Y Combinator Startup School for developing zero carbon and self-building additional dwelling units (ADU) to combat the housing shortage and US housing costs.
- Founded Flexible Thinking and soft-launched a product breakdown structure (PBS) based on the Wikihouse building system.
- Interview hundreds of clients to establish pain points, bottlenecks, problems and challenges and consult with tiny housing organisations in the greater Chicago area.
- Developed a design software stack built on `OpenSCAD` and `Python` for customer-custom building plans from high-level design requirements compiled down to low-level building blocks.
- I worked with a local CNC manufacturer to prototype 1/8-scale tiny house plans and designs.

`Dec 2021 - May 2022`
_Edinburgh Instruments_, Remote USA

**Sales Engineer**

- Spectroscopic solutions expert partaking in proactive customer interactions to promote Edinburgh Instrument's products.
- Qualified leads, developed customer interest in instrumentation and actively followed through to closure to meet targets.
- Liaised with other teams internally, such as working with research & development for a bespoke order or creating technical content with the marketing team.
- Prepared quotations using Customer Relationship Managerment (CRM) software and updated the sales database weekly.
- Analysed of the optical spectroscopy market in the Americas to identify growth areas, new applications, and funding trends.

`Oct 2020 - Mar 2021`
_Stealth Mode Startup Company_, Edinburgh, UK

**Early-Stage Researcher**

- Contributed as a researcher for a startup focusing on designing complex fluidic systems.
- Developed patented technology with applications in microfluidics (biotech) and industrial hydraulics (robotics).
- Utilized CAD/CAM for refining prototype systems and iterated designs through rapid manufacturing methods.

`Feb 2019 - Mar 2020`
_Ioma Limited_, Ediburgh, UK

**Solo Founder**

- I started a company to design fluidic systems.
- I developed technology for rapidly developing microfluidics for biotechnology.
- Sold in March 2020.

## Academic Research

`Jun 2019 - Oct 2020`
_School of Engineering_, The University of Edinburgh, UK

**Research Associate**

- Developed a fluidic-controlled system for a hydraulic robotic systems for robotics in nuclear decomissioning environments.
- Provided systems engineering principles for developing a systems interface based on the Robotic Operating System.
- Led mechanical engineering design and fabrication, including structural analysis and CAD design/FEM.
- Prototyped proof-of-concept and ideation using rapid prototyping tools.
- Disseminated research through internal reports, conference proceedings, and journal publications.

`Sep 2016 - May 2019`
_School of Engineering_, The University of Edinburgh, UK

**Research Assistant**

- Postgraduate researcher with the Soft Systems Group at the Institute for Micro and Nano Systems at School of Engineering
- Implemented a pneumatic control architecture to increase the capabilities of soft robotic systems.
- Focused on the design, build and test of complex robotic system using in-house rapid prototyping methodologies (fused deposition modeling 3D-printing, stereolithography 3D-printing, vector cutting, PCB manufacture).
- Collaborative work with research associates, academic partners, PhD students from participating and related groups.

`Jun 2014 - Aug 2014`
_Tyndall National Institute_, Cork, Ireland

**Undergraduate Research Associate (Intern)**

- Designed data acquisition LabVIEW scripts for power-voltage-current analysis.
- Used pulsed and continuous-wave lasers to determine gain profiles and cavity modes of photonic devices.
- Developed an experimental setup for the measurement of thermal resistance controlled by `LabVIEW` with automated scripting graphs to `MATLAB`.
- Performed spectral measurements of semiconductor devices in the near-infrared.

## Publications

### Papers

For the most up-to-date list of publications see [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=OJ2aNK4AAAAJ&hl=en).

### Patents

Stephen Mahon and Adam Stokes. 2022. Hydraulic Control System, [WO 2022/248836](https://patents.google.com/patent/WO2022248836A1/) A1, published.
