---
title: "Stren Games Day 5"
date: 2022-01-05 22:00:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 1 Day 5

It irks me that the Agon starts on a Saturday. Back in Ireland and Scotland, the weeks would begin on a Monday. Sunday would be the last day of the week. The final drop of the weekend before the dawn of a new week. When I moved to the US, I made a concerted effort to change my week beginnings to a Sunday. Now the birth of a new week begins on the last day of the weekend. The subtle change reframed what a week was for me and my accomplishments within that week. Saturday, the last day of the week, is used to crank out all those things you couldn't get around to during the busy work week. Traditionally a spiritual day, Sundays are for reflection and planning. Now TLS and Stren Games have my week beginning off, and I now have no idea what day it is anymore.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

Today was a rest day, so stretches and yoga. I've done five days of yoga this week, totaling three hours.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

#### Personal Finance
I set up a repayment plan for the small credit card debt. This evening, I made all the payments and consolidated the charges into my primary checking account. I plan on paying off the smaller debt first. I also received my 401k information from last month's new job. As my first job in the United States, I'll start my retirement requirement this month.

#### Journalling
**Day 5**: *Write a letter to a loved one. Maybe it's a wife, a parent, an estranged friend, or a grandparent you never really got to say goodbye to.*

A tough day today. I'll spend some time on it this evening when I go to bed. This exercise should be interesting.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

Good deeds are the most demanding requirement on this list. What makes a good deed? I gave words of encouragement to some friends. I cleaned up after lunch and dinner, made coffees for my wife, frothed milk for my son as we sat down. I wished good tiding to my manager at a meeting after the break. Do these count? The more good deeds I do, the more I make my lifestyle. The standard changes, and I must raise the bar again to reach those standards.

### The Agon
**Week 1**
> Expose yourself to cold water (for at least 5 minutes) every day for seven days.

By the time this post is up, I will already have completed my shower. Day five and only two to go!

This week, I set up bonus accountability: getting to bed earlier. Goodnight.