---
title: "Stren Games Day 6"
date: 2022-01-06 22:50:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 1 Day 6

If I can do five days, I can do five more. So I am coming to terms with doing five cold showers per week for the next five weeks. "Why?" is the question I don't ask, "How?" is the path to success. Why? Because it is hard. Because doing things I don't want to do is strenuous. My comfort zone does not matter; what I say does not matter. Only judge me on what I do—action over abstraction.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

I took a meeting with me on an afternoon ruck: 20 lbs in my backpack and my phone for the work call-ten degrees Fahrenheit and snowing. It was just a couple of miles, and it felt good. My heels have been bothering me since the weekend ruck. Breaking in the boots will be tough—lots of blood in my socks and the Bean boots. Unlike the Slack groups for TSL New Jersey and Chicago, I'll spare you the pictures. Blood and lost toenails are badges of honor for those bastards.

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/6483388306/embed/b9b7b06f2f72e8588f667cda7d3dba9a638dc3c7'></iframe>

Yoga in the evening to close the day.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

My badge work is milling away on the shaving, personal finance, craftsman, journaling, scholar, and shaving. I have a year, not just a few weeks. The requirements for these badges often take weeks. I'll have more tangible progress as more time passes.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

As I reflect on my day, I believe my intentions were genuine and proper. Likewise, my demeanor towards colleagues, friends, and family was intentional and mindful. I did not jump to conclusions and assumed good intentions over bad. I wished a colleague a happy birthday. I got up with my kids and made them breakfast. I offered words of encouragement to my friends and brothers of TSL. I spent my evening working with a group doing CAD design for an art project. My day was complete, and I feel it so.

### The Agon
**Week 1**
> Expose yourself to cold water (for at least 5 minutes) every day for seven days.

Expose is the correct term here. It has a real meaning to the agon. I make myself known to the cold water, uncovering my true nature. The hot water denies it was ever cold, while the cruelty of the cold water is hard to comprehend.

It must be getting to me. Today at a meeting, I could tell my colleague was taking cold showers through the video call. It turns out I was wrong; he has been taking five-minute ice baths. It must be reaching my soul.