---
title: "Stren Games Day 9"
date: 2022-01-09 21:30:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

## Week 2 Day 2

I have no essential blethers this evening. Catch you in the next post.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

I started the day with some light work outs - stretches, planks, squats, pushups. Then later, I went for a ruck: five miles with 20 lbs on my back. Last night, the snow had started to melt, but a freeze came in this morning and turned the area into an ice rink. The temperature dropped to 15 degrees during my outing and continued plummeting once I got home. There was a smooth ice crust over the snow; it felt like cracking glass as I walked over it. Two hours to do five and a half miles. My Fitbit counts six, probably calculated on step size. I had to be careful and take my time; I slipped on the ice paths and skidded down a short decline.

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/6497883906/embed/bcaf01c7914068d3a850549377a0091678c4ff53'></iframe>

I rounded out the day with some yoga.

### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

Journalling immediately after this post with a description of my day. Even the slow days are full of meaningful events.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I greeted some fellows on my ruck, enjoyed extended playtime with my kids, wished words of encouragement to my brothers, made lunch for my wife.

### The Agon
**Week 2**
> Bookend each day with a 90-minute morning and evening routine.

I am in the midst of my evening routine. The morning practice was not smooth and will evolve. Reading in the morning is significantly dependent on how early my kids wake up: anytime between 6:00 am and 6:45 am. I am trying something new for the morning. The evening routine remains the same. 

*Morning routine*

* 6:00 Meditation
* 6:15 Reading
* 6:45 Breakfast for the boys
* 6:50 Empty dishwasher
* 7:00 Coffee Ritual
* 7:15 Make lunch
* 7:30 Pack up PC for the office move

*Evening routine*

* 9:00 Blog
* 9:30 Journal
* 10:00 Cold Shower
* 10:10 Hot Shave
* 10:20 Brush teeth
* 10:25 Put dishwasher on
* 10:30 Bed

