---
title: "Stren Games Day 4"
date: 2022-01-04 23:55:00 -0500
layout: post
categories: tsl
---

Big shout out to the gentlemen over at the TSL Chicago Chapter Joe, David S, John H, Dave S, and Mike I, and at the TSL New Jersey Chapter Jeremy, Josh C, McCall, Kevin G, Mike W, Dan D, Fernando, Tom B, Josh G, Sal C. You guys are killing it this Stren Games! You are keeping me motivated and pumped for the challenges each day! Special kudos to the [Garden State Ruckers](https://www.instagram.com/garden_state_ruckers/) and the newly formed Strava clubs TSL New Jersy and TSL Chicago. You guys are outdoing yourselves rucking in these Winter conditions.

### Physical Culture
> Living the Strenuous Life requires committing to one hour of physical activity each day.

[Yoga with Adriene Day 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj9YLsjdAJg). The routine is in place for yoga after dinner when the kids go to bed. It is nice to have this time allotted for this activity.

Bodyweight Workout 1 hour late in the evening. I am working on getting my conditioning for the Army Ground Forces Test later this month. I am not proud to say that I can only do three pullups, which I want to change this year. However, the progressions will get me up to the task in no time.


### Skill Development
> Living the Strenuous Life requires dedication to constant skill acquisition and practice.

#### Hacker Badge
I did my coding in HTML today after biting the bullet and purchasing one month of Codeacademy Pro. The trial is ongoing, and I'll aim to complete the badge requirements by the end of the period.

#### Gentleman Scholar
I received an email from Amazon today with their free AWS Courses. Their machine learning topic looks comprehensive and offers new materials and projects I have not seen before. I started with the ML Mathematics Fundamentals and will work on the regression lecture series afterward. Since I have some ML experience (I am self-taught through [Stanford Online](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGwO_UgTS7I)), I will aim to complete the entire ML course of 13 modules over the next few weeks.

### Moral Discipline
> Living the Strenuous Life requires forging my moral discipline and seeking to do good deeds every day.

I made my wife a latte this afternoon. We got a simple frother for Christmas, and the results are excellent so far. IT's all part of our plan to cut out unnecessary expenses. Sure, a latte is only $4 from Starbucks, but that adds up over time: two lattes, three times/week for one year is $1248. Over ten years, that's a whopping $12k on lattes.

### The Agon
**Week 1**
> Expose yourself to cold water (for at least 5 minutes) every day for seven days.

Day 4 in the books. I jumped in the shower late today, and I spent the whole day dreading it.

Back to the office tomorrow after self-isolating for a week. Since my close contact with a visiting family member over Christmas, I've been feeling fine. However, I had two days when I was wiped out and slept.